OCC AUTH privacy enhancing text (#678)
usnistgov/FIPS201: _FIPS201/authentication.md

OCC data is stored on the card, which cannot be read from the card but could be used for
biometric verification. A fingerprint biometric template is supplied to the card to perform CTC
authentication, and the card responds with a positive or negative biometric verification decision.

> The response includes information that allows the reader to authenticate the card. The cardholder PIN is not required for OCC-AUTH. The PIV Card **SHALL** include a mechanism to block this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response includes information that allows the reader to authenticate the card. Entry of the cardholder PIN is not required for OCC-AUTH. The PIV Card **SHALL** include a mechanism to block this
```

- highly resistant to credential forgery
- strong resistance to use of unaltered card by non-owner
- usable with contact and contactless card readers

> - privacy-enhancing as the OCC data is never exported and is stored and processed directly on the PIV card 

Reviewer 2: Agree, but want to clarify. The image is captured and processed off-card, while only the comparison of a template takes place on the card. Not convinced this is the best rewording.

```suggestion
- privacy-enhancing, as the biometric template is both never exported and compared directly on the PIV Card 
```
